Richelle Direny: Okay. So hi, how are you
Nicki Cummings: Not good.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so tell me what's what's going on. Excuse the it's not not in my home office today. So I know you were having a little bit of crisis. So I just pulled I would meet with you because I know usually meet with Maggie.
Nicki Cummings: I've only my always Maggie once and she said that she said, Well, it looks like you're doing fine. So if you need a meeting, you can ask for a meeting. If not, then everything looks good, but I would like to have a counselor at least twice a week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, well I'll, I'll let her know
Richelle Direny: That you would like to have a meeting at least twice a week. So just give me a little background as to what's going on. Like what happened today, like what has been going on.
Nicki Cummings: Um, I don't have kids. I lost my kids because I have narcolepsy, which I think that's totally unfair.
Richelle Direny: Yes, so give me a little bit more background because when I when they sent me the message to talk that you all
Richelle Direny: Are narcolepsy, that that's a medical condition. So to
Richelle Direny: Remove children from the home because of narcolepsy.
Richelle Direny: You're right, would be unfair. So, what, what are the other things that was surrounding that. That way to get north GCF already involved in it.
With you in the children.
Nicki Cummings: I had my last child at Lincoln Memorial health in New York, which I knew I should have never did me just a crop hospital.
Nicki Cummings: And I fell asleep during skin, the skin.
Nicki Cummings: Do you have children.
Richelle Direny: You're talking about when you're nursing students are not with not nursing. When you talk about soon as you give birth, they put the baby on top of you.
Nicki Cummings: To do skin to skin. Yeah, you just skin, the skin to promote the baby's health and everything else.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah, no, I'm sorry, but he double hockey sticks wouldn't fall asleep while your baby's naked on you and your propped up in a chair was a blanket and the lights are out.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
So,
Since
Richelle Direny: You said that they said that what
Nicki Cummings: Since I fall asleep. I must be on drugs.
Nicki Cummings: My babies.
Nicki Cummings: They tested her umbilical cord blood. Nothing was in here.
Nicki Cummings: So they call
Nicki Cummings: Me text. I was on time.
Nicki Cummings: So the CPS of me.
Nicki Cummings: Well, not the biological
Nicki Cummings: talk the whole bunch of about me.
Nicki Cummings: And
Nicki Cummings: Mind you I had an apartment for free.
Nicki Cummings: On
Nicki Cummings: My side. No.
Richelle Direny: No call. I think what I don't know if it's your reception, but you're coming in very crackled when you speak, you're very crackle
Richelle Direny: Okay, go ahead.
Nicki Cummings: My son didn't even like being
Nicki Cummings: Three years in my department or three years.
Nicki Cummings: And she's been trying to Children Services saying
Nicki Cummings: Because she was horrible mother.
Richelle Direny: I'm having a very difficult time understanding you
Richelle Direny: froze up
Richelle Direny: Hello.
You
Richelle Direny: Know, Nicole, Nicole. Okay. You just came back on the screen. You just came back on the screen.
Richelle Direny: No, I
Nicki Cummings: can't seem to find anything my room.
Richelle Direny: That's fine, I'm hearing you find now so they can't get removed today.
Nicki Cummings: My volume, but I can barely hear you.
I said, Did
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me now.
Richelle Direny: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Hello. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Okay, come back to the phone.
Nicki Cummings: Oh, yes.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you. Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Richelle Direny: I can hear everything you're saying, can you hear me.
Nicki Cummings: I'm trying to get my
Richelle Direny: Okay. Is it better.
Richelle Direny: No co
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Can you hear me.
Nicki Cummings: Yes, I can hear you now. I couldn't hear you before you can hear me, but I couldn't hear you.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so
Richelle Direny: The kids were
Nicki Cummings: There, two years ago.
Nicki Cummings: Hospital Dawn skin to
Skin
Richelle Direny: Who was your mother for the last two years.
Can you
Richelle Direny: Hear me
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Nicki Cummings: Because they say
Richelle Direny: No, I know.
Richelle Direny: I know it's better when you have the video on. So is it better now.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. Now, I was asking you did your, your, your children, they've been living with your mother for the last few years.
Nicki Cummings: Yes, none of them were happy there.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what. So what occurred in the last 24 hours.
Nicki Cummings: It hasn't been the last 24 hours. It's been the last week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, what happened in the last week what occurred in the last week.
Nicki Cummings: I'm usually I get to see them every weekend.
Nicki Cummings: Um, she hasn't. Let me see them. She didn't let me see them last weekend.
Nicki Cummings: Because
Nicki Cummings: I do
Nicki Cummings: Because I live with my grandmother as soon as I get my own place. Then I'm planning on getting visitation, because I cannot upload
Nicki Cummings: To the visitation either my grandma sick and I can't have my kids come over, or my grandma's feel up to it. I can't have my kids come over and then Alan, which is my biological mother's name will just use that against me.
Nicki Cummings: That's how can I mean she is
Nicki Cummings: Anything for me. She does.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So walk me through walk me through the last week. Walk me through what happened.
Richelle Direny: Last week, let's process what happened in the last week. So walk me through everything from what's the one when it started to leading up to what's going on right now today.
Nicki Cummings: Last week she would not let me see my kid.
Nicki Cummings: I was stressed out.
Nicki Cummings: I wanted to use instead of using I took more of my tags. So I'm
Nicki Cummings: So I called in today to see if they would fill me a few more savvy tags until I got my rebuilt instead of using I just said more
Richelle Direny: So much more digitized. So how much are you prescribe what is this prescribed dose per day.
Nicki Cummings: On prescribed to savvy texts a day 60 milligrams a day.
Richelle Direny: And how much did you take each day when you said you took more. How much did you take each day.
Nicki Cummings: Three. A day
Richelle Direny: So you were taking consistently in the last three that I'm in the last three per day.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And this was because your mother wouldn't allow you to see the kids this week.
Nicki Cummings: Yes, it was because I was stressed out and I
Nicki Cummings: That's just what I did.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right. So what now in terms of for me in trying to help to walk you through just to kind of bring the emotions down because I understand you're overwhelmed. If you're not able to see the kids. You see them on a weekly basis, is that correct
Nicki Cummings: Sometimes if she allows it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so this past week she didn't allow you to see the kids because your grandmother wasn't upset, having the kids over or because you couldn't get to go see them.
Nicki Cummings: Now because she didn't want to bring them she just didn't want me to see them.
Richelle Direny: Okay, I'm trying to understand
Richelle Direny: Why
Nicki Cummings: Does not have
Nicki Cummings: She's not rational.
Nicki Cummings: There's no rationality of her
Nicki Cummings: She does things inside of me, in spite of anybody. You can call any person of my family and ask them if she's a rational person and they will all tell you the same thing. It's not just me being biased or being, you know,
Nicki Cummings: Oh well, just because her mom, you know, she's just talking crap. No, she is a completely irrational person.
Nicki Cummings: That's why.
Nicki Cummings: Because the
Richelle Direny: Other one was the last time you saw the children.
Nicki Cummings: Two weeks ago.
Richelle Direny: Two weeks ago, and so she did not allow you to see them in the last week outside of this week she still wouldn't allow you to see them in the last two weeks.
Nicki Cummings: No, she won't answer my phone calls to answer when text messages text me back. She doesn't know that
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: Did you try when you text are what were the contents of the text message.
Nicki Cummings: Or the girl doing
Nicki Cummings: Will you tell them I miss them.
Nicki Cummings: I always
Nicki Cummings: Try and be a kosher as I can because I don't want to make her mad because, heaven forbid, anyone makes Elena
Richelle Direny: When was the last time you took
Nicki Cummings: Yesterday,
Richelle Direny: So you haven't had any today.
Know,
Richelle Direny: They could it be that you're going through withdrawal because you have because you've been you've been you increase that over the last week, could have been that you you're going to withdraw because you ran out of the sub tasks and now you're not able to get your, your, your
Nicki Cummings: I mean, that could be a reason but
Nicki Cummings: I'm not understanding. They said I would talk to you about getting my reveal that I had to talk to you about getting extra insulin Tuesday. So I'm really not understanding what
Richelle Direny: OK, so the world. Well, you're in a crisis and you're overwhelmed because as you stated, you have not been able to see your children in the last two weeks. That is a change in
Richelle Direny: You know in your norm. Have you been always able to speak with your children have speaking to me. It's not for the purposes of
Richelle Direny: Getting the getting a refill me because that's what the doctor does the doctor is the one that gives you the refills.
Richelle Direny: But outside of remember you're going through a crisis, you're, you're really overwhelmed, emotionally, mentally, you are
Richelle Direny: Like you see your craving has increased. So what you've been doing was taking more than the desired amount of our the prescribed amount of sub so then take getting a refill. It's not necessarily going to change your, your bill your current crisis.
Richelle Direny: All it is is that you're trying to numb the pain of the fact that in the reality of you not be able to see the children and because of what's going on with your within your whole family contacts.
Richelle Direny: Within your circle.
Nicki Cummings: Or my, my kids are coming this weekend. So I have no medicine.
Richelle Direny: But you have to be saying, Oh, but you have to also be stable in order to see that you have to because and that's it. I was just trying to understand like the dynamic, give me the sequence of events. You'll also have to be stable.
Richelle Direny: In order for your mom to trust that you are not under the influence of anything to see them. And so that's the reason why it's recommended is highly recommended for you to do therapy for you to see the therapist and have a conversation so to speak with me so that we can
Richelle Direny: Work through your current crisis, the crisis is not necessarily that you're you're you ran out of the medication you're using your medications to cope with your crisis, you're using the Soviet text to cope with your crisis.
Nicki Cummings: I did this past week. Yes, I did.
Richelle Direny: Okay, and that's where it is. So your crisis. It's not that you don't have the Sunday Times, because the reality of it is you still are not able to see the children, you still are in the same situation that you're in. So in order. Now let me ask you this, as your mom have
Nicki Cummings: Coming two days. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Oh, but then, so if they're coming today. It's that we need to work through
Richelle Direny: Your emotions right now so that you can get
Richelle Direny: You can get stable to in order to be able to meet with them and to speak with them.
Richelle Direny: You've been taking more than the prescribed amount and you're going through withdrawals right now, do you think that is in the state that you're in that your mom is going to trust that it's okay for the children to see you and getting
Nicki Cummings: She drops them off and she leaves.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but remember the children are. So how old are your children.
Nicki Cummings: Five five and four.
Richelle Direny: So you have twins swimming what girls.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay, so you have twin girls and you have a four year old what yes your children are going to be happy to see you. But then, do you want to be able to see them and enjoy your time with them or still be in somewhat of a state of a high and and see them and you're not really enjoying
Nicki Cummings: The time i'm not high
Richelle Direny: No, no, I didn't say your high. But remember, what you're saying is that you need to meet with me, just so you can get the medication that is the doctors call
Richelle Direny: That is the doctors call you're not I'm scheduled to see the doctor until Monday.
Nicki Cummings: I worded that wrong. That's not what I meant. I
Richelle Direny: What, what word of it. Did you word wrong.
Nicki Cummings: I don't know.
Nicki Cummings: The dark dirty calling the prescription. If I take it every single day which last week I took too many. I know I did. I called them. I told them I was wrong. I admitted my fault.
Nicki Cummings: So, ask them to call me in a three day script.
Nicki Cummings: To get me through
Nicki Cummings: Taking the normal amount that I'm supposed to be taking so i will i put your all's well I have my children.
Richelle Direny: But don't you think you are you going through withdrawal right now because you haven't taken it you're going through withdrawal right now.
Nicki Cummings: Yeah. And they called me a prescription. And if I go
Richelle Direny: Okay, so I want you to just, I'm going to repeat back and everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: Right now you called in because you are you're overwhelmed because of, you know, being able to see
Richelle Direny: Kind of what your mom has been doing not allowing you to see the children. You haven't seen them in two weeks. You're stating that you're going to
Richelle Direny: Today, you're saying you're going to see the kids today, but then you also want to. So I'm just trying to understand in your definition, your state.
Richelle Direny: Of crisis. I'm just trying to understand that because you said that you weren't able to see the kids, but the kids are coming today. And then you want your script, what you said the doctor called it in. So I'm still I'm just trying to understand
Nicki Cummings: I don't know, then they told me I needed to talk to you. So that's why I would rather set up meetings with you that that's why I don't understand what
Richelle Direny: We're supposed to but all of it.
Richelle Direny: I just want. I just want to repeat back to you, kind of, because it's not just an emotional state of being. It's a mental state of being as well and
Richelle Direny: You. It's like you're saying a whole lot of things you're seeing a whole lot of things. And so getting setting up meetings weekly is no problem that is fine. We can set up weekly meetings.
Richelle Direny: But you're saying that you you are overwhelmed and right now you're in emotional crisis because of
Richelle Direny: You're missing your children.
Richelle Direny: You're missing your children and your mother at times spitefully keep them away from you, whether it's physically being able to see them or speak to that.
Richelle Direny: But you're saying that she's going to drop them off today. So you are going to see them today. You'll also want your scripts, because you have been
Richelle Direny: taking more than the prescribed amount. So you want your scripts, you're going to get it. You said that that you were told that if you meet with me, you will get it.
Richelle Direny: But you said that the doctor already called it in so you will be able to get it and you have three days. So I'm still trying to understand your right now. What is going on.
Richelle Direny: Right now, that's
Richelle Direny: Let's kind of see what I'm saying. Because everything that you're overwhelmed about according to what you're telling me you're going to get
Nicki Cummings: Right.
Richelle Direny: So what is the disconnect. Tell me to connect the dots.
Nicki Cummings: I'm not sure I'm
Richelle Direny: sick of seeing your weekly twice a week. That's no problem that's not an issue like you said, instead of when you were told during your intake that you won't be able
Richelle Direny: That you would only call in when you need it or you feel that you needed
Richelle Direny: More than what is recommended that is fine, you will get it. But we still come back to
Richelle Direny: What is currently going on. Now let me ask you this. Your mother has, it has had your children for the last few years.
Richelle Direny: I care plan that you're working on with it. If you follow whatever there is.
Nicki Cummings: No, I have no care worker, I have no doubt me, I am sitting at my grandma's house. I'm trying to get my license. As soon as my contacts come in.
Nicki Cummings: I can get my light.
Richelle Direny: Hold on, taking some of this, I want you to process what
Richelle Direny: Does your mother have full custody of the children or
Yes.
Richelle Direny: So your, your parents were terminated.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so
Nicki Cummings: Because the judge said that he doesn't feel comfortable
Richelle Direny: Right terminated.
Nicki Cummings: Because the judge said he does not feel comfortable giving me because the my kids because I'm not married.
Richelle Direny: When was your parents or rights terminated. And when did your mother. Yeah, I was granted full custody of the children.
Nicki Cummings: Two years ago.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so for two years. You have not been illegally based on the law biologically, you will always be their mother biologically, no one
Richelle Direny: ever said that from you. Biologically, you are their
Richelle Direny: Mothers legally
Richelle Direny: The law states that at
Richelle Direny: Their mother right
Richelle Direny: And you're saying that that occurred, two years ago.
Nicki Cummings: She's their parent, guardian. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And that happened two years ago. So your parents or rights were revolt years ago.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now
Richelle Direny: You're saying what was going on that made you decide, instead of taking two scripts per day as prescribed what what occurred. What was the crisis, what happened that made you increase, increase it to three scripts for day
Nicki Cummings: Three pills per day.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I'm sorry, what what occurred.
Nicki Cummings: What triggers just overwhelmed. Instead of using I figured I would just take another one.
Richelle Direny: Okay. So Nicole.
Richelle Direny: I'm here for you and I will continue to be here for you, but I need to also be able to work through it with you because if your mother.
Richelle Direny: Has had custody full custody of the children since two years ago.
Richelle Direny: And in the last week, you started taking more than the prescribed amount of medication that is the part I'm trying to
Richelle Direny: Understand, because if if you being overwhelmed because you no longer have custody of your children that would have been reoccurring since two years ago. But right now, you're telling me that your mother has had custody of your children.
Nicki Cummings: That's not the case, it's the case that shit. Let me see them my contacts didn't come in. There's a whole bunch of stuff that happened this week.
Richelle Direny: That I'm trying to. That's the part I'm trying to get clarity on so in the fact that she has full custody of your children.
Richelle Direny: Over the last two years at some point in time, she has allowed you to still be a part of their lives where she allows you to see them on her. What is on her terms, but she still allows you to be an active part of their lives.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. Now, specifically when you decided, I am just really anxious, I am very overwhelmed life as I know it is falling apart.
Richelle Direny: What happened that you said you know what, I need to feel better. I'm really feeling like Luke using right now and I'm going to take one additional script. What was that moment what happened.
Nicki Cummings: When she said she wasn't gonna bring her my kids when I called my doctor's office and they said that my contacts were in yet I'm
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Nicki Cummings: I don't know, it's just everything
Richelle Direny: I know it's everything at once, but we have to work through it. Now the other question I have is this
Nicki Cummings: I don't have time to work through it. My kids are going to be here and a half an hour.
Richelle Direny: Okay, if your kids are going to be there and a half an hour. The doctor called into script. So let me ask you this. What time did the doctor.
Nicki Cummings: She says, you'll be ready by 330 but then the pharmacy said that they needed further
Nicki Cummings: They required clarification from Doctor
Richelle Direny: Okay, are you on any other medication.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: What other medications do you take
Nicki Cummings: I take Adderall for narcolepsy.
Nicki Cummings: I take turn, Alex.
Nicki Cummings: I take to Mazza Pam to go to sleep. So I have narcolepsy. I've epilepsy, I have
Richelle Direny: Do you have a seizure disorder order, you have a sleep disorder.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay, do you have any, um, were you ever diagnosed with any kind of mental illness. I'm not in front of the computer to see what you're about. Do you have any
Nicki Cummings: Generalized anxiety.
Nicki Cummings: And
Richelle Direny: That's the only
Richelle Direny: diagnosis of mental illness that you were diagnosed with
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay, so now your anxiety. You just got really anxious because you don't know what to do, since you haven't seen the children in two weeks, and they're coming over and you don't know you're overwhelmed with the thought of them coming over and you
Nicki Cummings: Saw them coming over. I'm overwhelmed with not having medicine.
Nicki Cummings: And me getting rid jaws and throwing up and having diarrhea and everything else and then
Nicki Cummings: All the money was
Richelle Direny: Wrong and all
Richelle Direny: Of that is happening.
Nicki Cummings: What's happening today. No, no, it's not happening now, but it will if I don't get my medication.
Nicki Cummings: I know they said they caught it in, but the their stupid pharmacy is saying that they need clarification from the doctor when the doctor is the one caught it in. So why would they need clarification from the doctor if the doctor is the one that caught it in
Nicki Cummings: I'm sorry I'm not meaning to yell at you. I just
Nicki Cummings: I can't hear you. Good. So I'm thinking, you can't hear me. Good. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: I think I could hear you clear what time are the children supposed to be coming over.
Nicki Cummings: 20 minutes
Richelle Direny: Okay. Now let me ask you, Nicole. Do you think that it's the best decision for the kids to come over in the condition that you're in right now.
Nicki Cummings: I feel like feelings.
Richelle Direny: makes me upset and I understand that. But my question is it
Richelle Direny: drops the children off in the condition that you're in right now. Do you think that she is going to want to leave them there.
Nicki Cummings: I can say upstairs in my room. Wash your job. My kids off when I see my kids I am happier than ever.
Nicki Cummings: My kids are my whole life.
Nicki Cummings: When someone took my kids from me. They might as well just dug a hole and buried me in it because it was wrong. They certainly did it Ellen didn't take care of me, my brother, my other brother or my other brother I raised my three brothers. I did know our
Richelle Direny: Did you get an argument with Helen in the, in the last week or so.
No.
Richelle Direny: Okay, it seems like you're really going through bad withdrawals right now.
Richelle Direny: You're going through bad withdrawals right now. So hold on, let me see if I can reach out to
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Do you have a support around you.
Nicki Cummings: My friend Brandon
Nicki Cummings: Can you hang on a minute, please. Okay.
Nicki Cummings: Thank you.
Richelle Direny: They were sending out
Nicki Cummings: Jamie but Jamie's off now. But Dr jamison's, the one that sent the script.
Richelle Direny: And they reached out to Dr.
Nicki Cummings: Huh.
Richelle Direny: You said that they spoke with Dr. Jamison today.
Nicki Cummings: Dr. J. Davidson called the script in personally
Richelle Direny: Let me double check.
Richelle Direny: Okay, but either way it's it's
Richelle Direny: Is your grandmother home.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Let's
Richelle Direny: I'm sending a message to that two games to see if it was called in. But right now it's not so much about the
Richelle Direny: Getting the script and being able to take the medication. It's going through the withdrawal that you're going through right now.
Richelle Direny: And it's just focusing on right now you're just all you're doing is focusing on taking the medication.
Nicki Cummings: Be here.
Let me see if there's something else.
Richelle Direny: At all.
Nicki Cummings: She caught in the script Kroger said
Check me
Richelle Direny: I just sent her an email checking
Nicki Cummings: Kroger just said that they needed clarification from the doctor.
Nicki Cummings: Was so doesn't make sense to me because the doctor is the one that click that called it in
Richelle Direny: Because because
Richelle Direny: The clarification could be you're getting remember your script is supposed to last a week, and given that you're doubling up on it.
Richelle Direny: You might need approval.
Richelle Direny: For you to get prescribed more than the amount that you're on the insurance authorized for that.
Richelle Direny: So I just sent her a message I'm checking to see
If she did call it back in.
Richelle Direny: But either way, it's
Richelle Direny: The concern is, and this is my concern is your instead of working through
Richelle Direny: The issues and no you cannot get through all of it today. It's that you're so focused on getting the medication. Hold on, let me see what she said.
Richelle Direny: Are you muted or not.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Nicole.
Nicki Cummings: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Your turn, turn on turning on back your video and see if it's still. Let's see if it's still broken us
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, I'll see if she I'll check in with her to see if she
Richelle Direny: I'm waiting for her to respond to see if she she called it interesting what the issue was
Okay.
Thank you.
Richelle Direny: Do you work.
Nicki Cummings: I'm willing
Nicki Cummings: To take driver's license work.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you know, you know what you can do back your video because it's it's really broken up right
Nicki Cummings: My phone is dying.
The phone. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Well, okay.
Nicki Cummings: So what is your plans.
Richelle Direny: When I am
Richelle Direny: Can you put it on, could you put it on Chartwell you speak.